Hello, I am a 22 years old student/freelancer. To make the context of my situation, I will provide some background informations. I apologies for my english it is not my native language.
I joined an american school last spring after my return from england. I was dependent financially and after a horrible relationship that left me borderline destroyed. I didn't talk to anyone. I would stay in my car between classes, smoking and listening to music. One day the girl who I'll be calling sam aproached me and asked for a lighter. I do not remember what we talked about but we ended up staying in my car for a while. We started chilling alot on campus afterwards she would always smoke and spend time with me even if there was nothing to do sometimes we would just sit there listening to musoc for hours. The semester ended we got a lot closer because we had a 3 months break where I would always meet her she would ask to go out drinking or we would just meet and walk around the city or go somewhere nice. The summer ended we went back to school. Now this is where it gets complicated. Since the day we met I was happy I could make a friend and sam is a very good friend no doubt. She introduced me to her friend and that friend introduced us to an other one. We'll call them patric and charley. Patric used to be a junky and charley is and was not but she uses sometime... We all still do.  Patric doesn't spend a lot of time with us he goes back home since he never liked campus. So sam, charley and I spend a lot of time together we don't have loads of classes. We started to spwnd so much time together that we practicaly spend all of our time together 7 days a week. Sam started opening up about her self and told me some very dark things that happened to her and I could relate since we have been through the same things. We got closer we would lock hands. She'd travel with me to diffrent cities and she would sleep over with me on the same bed and so one. We never did something sexual. Untill this past sunday. And we have done it again yesterday. She initiated it.  I did not want to because few weeks ago I told her that I have feelings for her and she said to let's keep our relationship the way it is whatever it is. Yesterday she asked me if we should be doing this and wouldn't answer my texts. But she texted me good morning and a wait for me when we started classes. I am waiting and I have no idea what to do. Please help me deal with this situation because I am very confused.
TL; DR:  getting hints from a very close friend. She asks for attention but denies my feelings. What to do?